# CSC120-FinalProject

When I began to work on Casus, I had ambitious ideas that required many classes and methods to pull off. In order to succeed, I worked through my game in about 6 steps. My first step was to create the objects needed for initial gamplay interaction. These were the User and Item objects. I then began to build the Game class and developed some introductory methods and started to add locations to the game. During this step, I created Market Town and the Unusual Shop. After that, I developed the Wizard Tower and Tic Tac Toe. However, I hadn't yet created a way to earn money (CSCs), so the Mine was next. I implemented a fun typing minigame that gets a random amount of CSCs when complete. My second to last step was the creation of Weapons, Potions, and the Arena. Finally, I developed the Fighting Shop and the Healing Shop which connected earning CSCs in the Mine to actually being able to purchase items that could be used in the Arena. I spent the last bit of time working on fixing edge cases and solving additional errors. Throughout my program, I tried to learn and use new techniques and ideas that I hadn't learned in class. One example of this are the try catch statements. I used these to prevent the user from breaking the program if they entered a String input into the command line. With this came the InputMismatchException. I also attempted to use recursion in my program instead of for loops. This alternative design wasn't very memory efficient,so I reworked my code.

Unfortunately, I was not able to complete all the features that I set out to implement. I primarily have two ideas that I would like to develop in the future. First, I would like to add more minigames to the Wizard Tower. As of right now, only Tic Tac Toe is avaliable to play. I ideally want to program Blackjack, Yaniv (a Yiddish card game), and Connect Four. This would be a better gameplay experience for the user, and provide more ways to earn CSCs. Additionally, I want to make the user's inventory avaliable at all times. Right now, the inventory is only accessible during the Arena when items are actively being used. It would be nice for the user to be able to see their inventory at all times. I actually regret the way I wrote this inventory mechanic. I ran into some issues where I couldn't directly take Weapons or Potions from the inventory to make new lists to use in the Arena, so I would absolutely change the way I wrote this.

When attempting to break my program, Allison told me that I should add more instructional advice to the game since knowing what to do can be a bit confusing. This absolutely showed during the in-class play test where a lot of students didn't know what to do in my game. If I could give myself advice in the past, I would tell myself to implement the try catch method earlier so that I didn't have to go back through my program and add it earlier. This would have also made the play test day much easier.
